Update tizen building guide more simply and easily (#1474)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/platform/developing/building-all.md

   Initialize the repository by executing the following command:

   ```
   $ repo init -u ssh://<Username>@review.tizen.org:29418/scm/manifest -b <tizen branch> -m <profile>_<repository>.xml
   ```
   > **Note**
   >

>    > If you encounter some problems using repo tools, please check [Setting Up the Repo Tool](./setting-up.md#setting-up-the-repo-tool).

Reviewer: @sagarkedari, since line 194 change is suggested, could you please provide the comment here as well.

Reviewer 2: For consistency in the format between lines 64 and 194, below are my suggestions. Kindly use the same format at both the places.

```suggestion
   > If you encounter some problems using repo tools, see [Setting Up the Repo Tool](./setting-up.md#setting-up-the-repo-tool).
```

OR

```suggestion
   > For information on installing and setting up the repo tool, see [Setting Up the Repo Tool](./setting-up.md#setting-up-the-repo-tool).
```

>     `<tizen branch>` is `tizen` for Tizen latest version and others `tizen_<version> branch` are `tizen <version>` for Tizen specific version include old versions.

Reviewer 2: @mijin85cho, Thank you for sharing the information. Kindly check if the following changes looks fine?

`<tizen branch>` is `tizen` for Tizen latest version, and other `tizen_<version> branches` are `tizen <version>` for specific Tizen version, including older versions.

>     `<tizen branch>` is `tizen` for Tizen latest version and others `tizen_<version> branch` are `tizen <version>` for Tizen specific version include old versions.

Reviewer 3: @sagarkedari Seems much more appropriate, and it would be better if the location of \` is changed as `tizen_<version>` is the word used, not `tizen_<version> branches`.

`<tizen branch>` is `tizen` for Tizen latest version, and other `tizen_<version>` branches are `tizen <version>` for specific Tizen version, including older versions.

>     `<tizen branch>` is `tizen` for Tizen latest version and others `tizen_<version> branch` are `tizen <version>` for Tizen specific version include old versions.

Reviewer 2: @mijin85cho, thank you for checking and suggesting the change. I will get this changed per your suggestion.

   Initialize the repository by executing the following command:

   ```
   $ repo init -u ssh://<Username>@review.tizen.org:29418/scm/manifest -b <tizen branch> -m <profile>_<repository>.xml
   ```
   > [!NOTE]
   >
   > For information on installing and setting up the repo tool, see [Setting Up the Repo Tool](./setting-up.md#setting-up-the-repo-tool).

>     `<tizen branch>` is `tizen` for Tizen latest version and others, `tizen_<version>` branches are `tizen <version>` for specific Tizen version, including older versions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    `<tizen branch>` is `tizen` for Tizen latest version, and other `tizen_<version>` branches are `tizen <version>` for specific Tizen version, including older versions.
```

>     example of branches

Author: I'm not sure fix this line like this.
Please check this one more time.

      - tizen
      - tizen_6.0

>       - tizen_6.0_hotfix

Author: We have a lot of branches for tizen.
tizen, tizen_6.5, tizen_6.0, tizen_5.5, tizen_5.0, tizen_4.0, tizen_3.0 and so all..
Is it okay only add these 3 branches?(tizen, tizen_6.0, tizen_6.0_hotfix)
Please give me opinions.

Reviewer 2: @jhyuni I think it is fine, since we are just giving examples for reference here.

Reviewer 3: Oh, I didn't mean to add these examples. This was just an example to make @sagarkedari understand, and you didn't need to add it. Please remove these example

Reviewer 2: @jhyuni, kindly do the needful as suggested by @mijin85cho
